---
description: Details about all available Terragrunt-specific configuration options.
---

# Reference

## Stack Settings

- **Use Run All** - If Spacelift should use Terragrunt's [run-all](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/features/execute-terraform-commands-on-multiple-units-at-once/#the-run-all-command){: rel="nofollow"} functionality in this stack.
- **Smart Sanitization** - If Spacelift should use [Smart Sanitization](../terraform/resource-sanitization.md#smart-sanitization) for the resources and outputs generated by this stack.
- **Terragrunt Version** - Which version or range of versions of Terragrunt should be used
- **Tool** - Whether to use OpenTofu, an open source version of Terraform, or a manually provisioned tool.
- **Tool Version** - Which version or range of versions of OpenTofu or Terraform should be used

!!! info
    Spacelift makes use of the [Version Compatibility Table](https://docs.gruntwork.io/guides/stay-up-to-date/terraform/terraform-12/version-compatibility-table/){: rel="nofollow"} to determine which version combinations of OpenTofu/Terraform and Terragrunt are compatible with each other.

## Environment Variables

In Terragrunt stacks you can use environment variables to add options to the command line arguments sent to Terragrunt. To use these environment variables, you can see the documentation [here](../../concepts/configuration/environment.md).

There is an environment variable for each phase of the run:

- `TG_CLI_ARGS_init` - Allows you to add options sent to the Terragrunt application during the initialization phase
- `TG_CLI_ARGS_plan` - Allows you to add options sent to the Terragrunt application during the planning phase
- `TG_CLI_ARGS_apply` - Allows you to add options sent to the Terragrunt application during the applying phase

## OpenTofu/Terraform provider

If you create a Terragrunt stack via the OpenTofu/Terraform provider, and don't populate the `terraform_version` or `terragrunt_version` properties, we default to the latest version available at creation time. If you create a stack with these values populated, and then later remove the fields, the stack continues to use the version set during stack creation, and doesn't update to the latest available version.
If you change the `tool` and `terraform_version` isn't populated, the `terraform_version` will be reset in state file.

## Module Registry

To enable seamless authentication with Spacelift's module registry, we automatically configure the `TG_TF_REGISTRY_TOKEN` environment variable for stacks utilizing our native Terragrunt vendor.

Below is an example of how you can format your Terraform block:

```text
terraform {
  source = "tfr://spacelift.io/organization/module_name/provider?version=0.0.1"
}
```
