# Terms of use of AI Services

1. **What is SaturnHead Run Summarization ("AI Feature")?**

    SaturnHead Run Summarization is employed to help users rapidly interpret log summaries and deliver technical solutions to effectively diagnose and fix failed runs.

    The SaturnHead Run Summarization feature is designed for core and power users of Spacelift who actively manage infrastructure runs through the Spacelift UI or APIs.

    The AI Feature is powered by AI models provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (“AWS”) and/or Google LLC (“Google”) (each, an “AI Model Provider”). Customer agrees to be bound by the Terms & Conditions of the applicable AI Model Provider:

    - For AWS Bedrock, see [AWS Terms and Conditions](https://aws.amazon.com/ai/responsible-ai/policy/)
    - For Google Gemini API, see [Google Terms & Conditions](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/terms). Regarding the Google services, the terms applicable to Paid Services shall apply.

    SaturnHead Run Summarization is disabled in the Customer account by default, and the Customer admin, if authorized by the Customer, might enable the feature for use in the Customer organization by explicitly opting in and accepting these AI Terms.

    The Customer understands and acknowledges that the use of the AI Feature is not mandatory or integrated by default and Spacelift Services may be used without enabling the AI Feature.

2. **Acceptance of AI Terms**

    These Terms of Use of SaturnHead Run Summarization ("**AI Terms**") supplement the applicable Master Services Agreement and/or general Terms and Conditions between the entity you represent, or, if you do not indicate an entity in connection with the Services, you individually ("**Customer**", "**you**" or "**your**") and Spacelift, Inc. ("**Agreement**"), and are incorporated by reference into the Agreement.

    In case of any conflict between the Agreement and these AI Terms, as it relates specifically to the AI Feature, these AI Terms shall govern.

    THESE AI TERMS, TOGETHER WITH THE AGREEMENT SET FORTH AND SETTLE THE TERMS ACCORDING TO WHICH THE CUSTOMER MAY USE THE AI FEATURE.

    By proceeding with enabling the use of the AI Feature for the Customer, you are indicating that you have read, understood, and accepted these AI Terms and agree to be bound by them. If the Customer does not agree with all the terms of these AI Terms, the Customer should not accept the Terms and use the AI Feature.

3. **Intellectual Property (IP) Ownership and Right to Use AI Feature**

    Customer acknowledges that Spacelift and AI Model Provider retain ownership of all intellectual property rights related to the AI Feature, including but not limited to the underlying AI models, algorithms, and infrastructure. However, all Customer Data submitted by the Customer while using the AI Feature remains the property of the Customer.

    Spacelift hereby grants the Customer a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable right to use the AI Feature. The use of the AI Feature is subject to the Customer's compliance with any and all applicable laws, these AI Terms, and the terms of the Agreement.

4. **Acceptable Use Policy**

    Without limiting the restrictions outlined in the Agreement, the Customer represents and warrants that neither they nor anyone acting on their behalf, including any authorized user, will, including but not limited to the following:

    - Modify, distribute, prepare derivative works of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to decipher any code in connection with AI Feature or any other aspect of Spacelift's technology, unless given written permission from Spacelift;
    - Use the AI Feature for illegal or fraudulent purposes;
    - Exploit or misuse personal or sensitive data in violation of privacy laws;
    - Falsely represent identity or affiliation;
    - Attempt to gain unauthorized access to systems or networks;
    - Violate third party intellectual property rights;
    - Generate excessive or repetitive requests that degrade service performance.

5. **Data Training**

    Spacelift does not claim any ownership rights over Customer Data. We do not and will not permit third parties to use Customer Data to improve or train the AI models. We do not and will not use Customer Data to improve or train the AI models without your expressed permission. Your data will only be processed as necessary to provide the AI Feature, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and applicable laws.

6. **Accuracy**

    Spacelift does not guarantee the quality or accuracy of the output generated by the AI Feature. Due to the nature of AI models and machine learning, which can be prone to errors and misinterpret prompts, generate inaccurate responses, or introduce bias, the use of the AI Feature may occasionally produce incorrect results or unintended actions. The Customer is fully responsible for the code execution, and Spacelift accepts no responsibility for any damages or issues resulting from your use of the AI Feature.

7. **Usage of AI Feature**

    Access to the AI Feature is at the sole discretion of Spacelift and may be revoked at any time, including upon termination of the AI Feature. The Customer acknowledges that Spacelift is under no obligation to continue providing this feature and may choose to discontinue the AI Feature at any time. Spacelift reserves the right to modify or terminate the AI Feature and the AI Terms at any time, at its sole discretion, for any reason, with or without notice, and without liability to the Customer.

8. **Warranties and liabilities**

    ANY DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND/OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY OUTLINED IN THE AGREEMENT SHALL ALSO APPLY TO THE USE OF THIS AI FEATURE.
